Add Azure file system block (#6141)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/concepts/filesystems.md

# File systems

> A file system block is an object which allows you to read and write data from paths. Prefect provides two built-in file system types that cover a wide range of use cases. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A file system block is an object which allows you to read and write data from paths. Prefect provides multiple built-in file system types that cover a wide range of use cases. 
```

The following is a use case where we use [MinIO](https://min.io/) as a storage backend:

```python
from prefect.filesystems import RemoteFileSystem

minio_block = RemoteFileSystem(
    basepath="s3://my-bucket",
    settings={
        "key": "MINIO_ROOT_USER",
        "secret": "MINIO_ROOT_PASSWORD",
        "client_kwargs": {"endpoint_url": "http://localhost:9000"},
    },
)
minio_block.save("minio")
```

> ## S3

Reviewer: for the S3, GCS, and Azure blocks could we note somewhere that if credentials are not explicitly set, they will be inferred from the "standard" environment variables for each file system?

Author: both good calls, thanks a lot - will add soon

Author: added a section now

| project | The project the GCS bucket resides in. If not provided, the project will be inferred from the credentials or environment.    |

To create a block:

```python
from prefect.filesystems import GCS

block = GCS(basepath="my-bucket/folder/")
block.save("dev")
```

To use it in a deployment:
```bash
prefect deployment build path/to/flow.py:flow_name --name deployment_name --tag dev -sb gcs/dev
```

You need to install `gcsfs`to use it.

## Azure

The `Azure` file system block enables interaction with Azure Datake and Azure Blob Storage. Under the hood, `Azure` uses [`adlfs`](https://github.com/fsspec/adlfs).

`Azure` properties include:

| Property | Description                                                                                                                  |
| --- |------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| basepath | String path to the location of files on the remote filesystem. Access to files outside of the base path will not be allowed. |

> | azure_storage_connection_string | Azure storage connection string                                                                                              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| azure_storage_connection_string | Azure storage connection string. |
```

> | azure_storage_account_name | Azure storage account name                                                                                                   |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| azure_storage_account_name | Azure storage account name. |
```

> | azure_storage_account_key | Azure storage account key                                                                                                    |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| azure_storage_account_key | Azure storage account key. |
```

## Azure

The `Azure` file system block enables interaction with Azure Datalake and Azure Blob Storage. Under the hood, `Azure` uses [`adlfs`](https://github.com/fsspec/adlfs).

`Azure` properties include:

| Property | Description                                                                                                                  |
| --- |------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| basepath | String path to the location of files on the remote filesystem. Access to files outside of the base path will not be allowed. |
| azure_storage_connection_string | Azure storage connection string. |
| azure_storage_account_name | Azure storage account name. |
| azure_storage_account_key | Azure storage account key. |

To create a block:

```python
from prefect.filesystems import Azure

block = Azure(basepath="my-bucket/folder/")
block.save("dev")
```

To use it in a deployment:
```bash
prefect deployment build path/to/flow.py:flow_name --name deployment_name --tag dev -sb az/dev
```

You need to install `adlfs` to use it.

## Handling credentials for cloud object storage services

> If you leverage `S3`, `GCS`, or `Azure` storage blocks, and you don't explicitly configure credentials on the respective storage block, those credentials will be inferred from the environment. Make sure to set those either on the block or as environment variables, configuration files, or IAM roles within the build environment from which you create your deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you leverage `S3`, `GCS`, or `Azure` storage blocks, and you don't explicitly configure credentials on the respective storage block, those credentials will be inferred from the environment. Make sure to set those either explicitly on the block or as environment variables, configuration files, or IAM roles within both the build and runtime environment for your deployments.
```
